Write chapter on state-dependent and server-dependent service rates (#30)
MichalisPanayides/Thesis: chapters/06_agent_based_extension/main.tex

\chapter{Extending to agent-based extension}

This chapter aims to explore an extension to the game described earlier.
The extension is based on the idea of an agent-based
model~\cite{de2014agent, fetta2012peter, knight2012modelling}.
What if the servers of the queueing system described in
Section~\ref{sec:queueing_section} could be treated as entities that could make
their own decisions?

> The idea here is that servers could choose their own service rate based on
> maximising their own utility.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The idea here is that servers could choose their own service rate based so as to 
maximise their own utility.
```

to the system, maximising their own idle time and so on.

The previous chapters are based on the assumption that hospitals and ambulances
play a non-cooperative game and act in their own self-interest.
Although this might be true in some cases, insights from ethnographic
studies~\cite{allen2004understanding} have shown that some cooperation and
empathy can be found among staff in such gaming environment.
The motivation for this chapter was initiated by these insights.

This chapter is structured in such a way that the first section describes a
state-dependent version of the queueing system described in
Section~\ref{sec:queueing_section}, the second section describes
a server-dependent variant and the third section combines them together and
formulate a reinforcement learning algorithm that works on finding the best
policies for the servers so that they can maximise their own utility.

\input{chapters/06_agent_based_extension/01_state_dependent/main.tex}

\input{chapters/06_agent_based_extension/02_server_dependent/main.tex}

\input{chapters/06_agent_based_extension/03_state_server_dependent/main.tex}

\input{chapters/06_agent_based_extension/04_agent_based/main.tex}

> \input{chapters/06_agent_based_extension/05_reinforcement_learning/main.tex}

Reviewer: I feel like this is missing a conclusion of some form.

Author: Planning on making a PR to add `introduction` and `chapter summary` for every section (issue #36). Is that okay?

Reviewer: :+1:
